#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=-
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.9
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.6.0
    # via
    #   groq
    #   httpx
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via unstructured
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   python-oxmsg
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via unstructured-client
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
deepdiff==8.0.1
    # via unstructured-client
distro==1.9.0
    # via groq
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via pymongo
emoji==2.14.0
    # via unstructured
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
groq==0.11.0
    # via langchain-groq
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   groq
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
huggingface-hub==0.25.1
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jq==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via unstructured-client
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.9
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-groq
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
langchain-groq==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-huggingface==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.0
    # via langchain
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langgraph==0.2.21
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==1.0.12
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.1.131
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==5.3.0
    # via unstructured
markdown==3.7
    # via unstructured
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.22.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured-client
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via unstructured-client
networkx==3.3
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
olefile==0.47
    # via python-oxmsg
orderly-set==5.2.2
    # via deepdiff
orjson==3.10.7
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-client
pillow==10.4.0
    # via sentence-transformers
psutil==6.0.0
    # via unstructured
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   groq
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.5.2
    # via langchain-community
pymongo==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pypdf==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-client
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via unstructured-client
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
python-iso639==2024.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-oxmsg==0.0.1
    # via unstructured
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
rapidfuzz==3.10.0
    # via unstructured
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.2
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==3.1.1
    # via langchain-huggingface
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
    #   unstructured-client
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   groq
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.35
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sympy==1.13.3
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via unstructured
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.20.0
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   transformers
torch==2.4.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
transformers==4.45.1
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   groq
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
unstructured[md]==0.15.13
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.25.9
    # via unstructured
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via unstructured
yarl==1.13.1
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
